Dad, it's all my fault
It's because I was in a car accident
I should be damned. I should be damned.
It's all my fault
What should I do after you leave?
Yaoyao's father has left
Why don't you think about what to do with Down Pictures?
It was Dad's life's work
You can't just watch him fall apart, can you?
Hand over a capable person as soon as possible
teacher
My dad made you the only reporter for Down's
You forgot
To get down
The Tang Dynasty must be defeated
My child
child
Your child
This is my baby.
Is it me who is pregnant?
I gave birth to my child.
What is your child?
What about my child?
Where did you hide my child?
Where's my baby?
You lunatic
Your child has long been killed by you
You died when you were in a car accident.
Don't you know?
And your dad.
Your father died because of you
If he had died long ago
I would have gone to pay for their lives long ago
I miss my father and son
Killed my judge
Just you go away
It's my man's son
I should die
Yaoyao Yaoyao I should die
Yaoyao, I should have died a long time ago
Yaoyao, watch over me, watch over me
You are a child without a mother
Go away I don't want to play with you
You go away, I don't allow you to bully girls
Big fat man big head
I'll just mind your own business.
Hahahahahaha
How are you going to thank me?
I want to kill
Do you understand?
Don't worry, I've arranged everything.